♦How to test:
While the vortex is etablished in your simple device as shown in the video, contemplate your understanding of heaven as vivid as possible into it and look at the water.
Turn around the water ten times in the morning and at the evening and dring at least a half liter or 0.14 gallons all at once to discover the 4 faces of your kingdom over three days with zero doubd.
Make sure that nobody than you look at you water while purifying and blessing it and it is strongly recommended to get out of your houses into nature while performing the test.
But the most sgnificant is to stay calm and *! don't panic !*


♦Test failed for heaven:
Insane hatred grows up into you and you are unable to look at anything without judging it. 
You may even receive a vast amout of life energy and feel like a walking battery.
You are in a ruling striving and belong to the kingdom of pride where performance and competition pave your way to discover all faces of hatred and judgement.
So go for it to become one of the most terrifying demons of terror and torment of your kingdom.


♦Test success for heaven:
Insane love grows up into you and you are unable to look at anything without forgiving it.
You may even receive a vast amout of life energy and feel like a walking battery.
You are in a servant striving and belong to the kingdom of humility where peace and comfort pave your way to discover all faces of love and forgiveness.
So go for it to become one of the most humble angels of gentleness and pleasure in your kindom.


♦Test has no effect:
For you the kingdom of humility is not good enough and the kingdom of pride is not bad enough, so you strive for nothing.
You suck up the life energy from others and you don't care to what kingdom they belong to because you are just too good for all of them.
You belong to the kingdom of pride to suck out all water of life out of them and turn it into lukewarm sevage.
So go for it to become the most delicious liquid manure for the kingdom of pride.


♦How to change your striving torwards heaven:
You will have to burn down your entire meaning of life into ashes of humility and burn the seven seals of heaven into you soul with your very own fire of repentence.
You will have to cry at least one tear of infinite despair and hopelessness.
And you will have to polish your seven mirrors of awareness with your tears and your ashes to perfect brilliance.
But when you can not bring up fire of repentence for the sake of heaven, then you have not understood what worth heaven is. Then I the Lord may come to you, move you out of your death, to let you experience heaven, only to throw you back into your own sevage, to die a second time with the burning memory of lost heaven in your heart. But for that your entire soul has to cry at least one drop of infinite despair and hopelessness, only that way you can get into heaven as a whole.
And look, I said nothing about time, so you can make all this within a blink of an eye if you really want to.

Look, I had to surpass second death and bring me back to life for heaven completely alone, to be able to rescue everyone, no matter how deep he has fallen, so that there is no place anymore where you can get lost. But dare you to mock that worthless and I turn my shepherd staff into a fiery sword and let you suffer and wait for me in your distress to help you understanding the worth of helping in a servant way.


♦How the simple device works:
Spirit has to materialize at some point to be able to influence it. And the most responsible medium for this process is water at a temperature between 25-40°C or 77-104°F.
But the water today is highly distorted through electromagnetic waves who work like a radio jammer and make the water stiff like magnetized bearing balls who can not move freely anymore.
The magnets or the weak earth magnetic field erase the distortions in the water and make it highly responsive to adapt to the spirit environment again.
Drinking undistorted water has several effects:
- You become clear sight into the spirit realm you belong to or the water has adapted to.
- Giving your water to others create a strong spirit connection to provide help or curse, so be warned or encouraged to give it to your kids!
- Purified water provide a better flow and help to release stiff or allready degenerating muscles or blood flow disorder, depressions can vanish completely.
- Purified Water can temporarily cause headache, weird sensations like goosebumps, prickling or reciving knowledge out of nothing.
- It can become impossible for you to behave against your striving.
- Give it to your plants and animals to let them grow faster, become stronger and more healthy.

♦You can of course use undistorted water as much as you want to stay well connected to spirit.

♥All people of my subscribers list are able to create undistorted water that is blessed with the spirit of heaven. So you may want to call them "saints".