Your life story describes basically the spirit of hell, where everybody is running for success to become greater than others.
But running for success creates fear to fail and in hell you try to escape fear ny running even more for success and you don't have problems to throw others under the bus or just let them feel bad and worthless to reach your glory target.

In Heaven we go the other way by releasing from our efforts, take a break and revision what we are striving fore for our environment and call this "celebrating sabbat". That's why there is no fear in Heaven.

To get a starting point on how we want to live in heaven, please look this short video about 3 and a half minutes. It's basically a lesson about fishing rods...
https://youtu.be/F9L5ZrRoWWY (read the description as well please)
But don't show any body else and keep this secret for now, because you can not bake bread in an ofen where the doors stand wide open and the heart never reach the needed heat to create something delicious.

That's for now. When you have chewed it down properly, let me know.


###### 2 ###



One of the biggest missunderstandings of the modern church is to believe that faith in Jesus Christ or God in general goes along with becoming successful in the world.
Or somerhing like, when your trust in Jesus Christ is strong enougth, he will make your matter life nice and easy.
But that's not it, in most cases it's just the opposite.
And when you get stuck in those missunderstandings, all your expectations to what your efforts should result in, will literaly get ripped appart and crush into pieces.
This is because, to strive for the Heavens of Jesus Christ and to strive for the Heavens of becoming great and successful in the world are the exact opposite.
That doesn't mean that you will have to become a poor stinking homeless, croaching like a bug in the sevage to come closer to the Heavens of Jesus Christ. That does mean that there are contradicting strivings.

To strive for the Heaven of the World you need your body and your brain.
To strive for the Heaven of Jesus Christ you need your soul and your heart.

Your Soul lies like a seed in the earth of your body and will have to break through the earth with the love of your heart to come to life into the Heavens.
So the roots of the seed are like the striving for matter to gain life experiences and to become a solid stand.
And the upgrowing plant is like the striving for life in spirit. The leaves on the plant are the true connections to spirit reality, to become a deeper insight of the meaning of life. The create even nutritions needed for the roots to grow deeper into the earth.
So the roots and the plant, even if their striving is contradicting, need each other to grow and should be in balance to each other.


##### 3 ####

Very thanks from my side as well because for me you provide an opportunity to express or render the spirit of heaven into matter words, that is pretty difficult.
So if there is anything not well explained or sounds confusing, please be so kind and tell me that.

In return for your patience I want to tell you everything needed to become a nutritionist and the ability to heal all illness based on inflamations as there are all kinds of rheumatism and muskle sklerosis and all kinds of depressions as well as the ability to revive the dead in christ.
The only thing you have to do for that is to listen patiently.
And please understand this as an opportunity, as a gift. There are no expectations on sharing all this related to it. So when you take all this for your own, it's ok. Nobody from heaven will ever judge you in any way because of how or what you do with it.
But to be able to handle all this the heavenly way, a deeper understanding of heaven is required.


So assuming you are ok with it, let's continou with a deeper understanding of love and forgiveness and how they relate to each other.

When you love, you give something away from you or spend comfort for others but don't expect anything in return.
When you forgive, someone has something taken something away from you or have hurt you but you don't want to do something in return.
So love and forgiveness are just two sides of the same medal. Therefore you can grow in love just by forgiving or grow in forgiveness just by loving. But love and forgiveness have two faces or sides on its own as well.
The other side of forgiveness is, when someone gives you something or spend you comfort but you don't feel the need or the debt to do something in return.
Even if this kind of forgiveness sounds and feels like ignorance against the one who served you in this actually dark times, this kind of forgiveness is the most significant in heaven, because without that you can't even receive anything without the sensation of debt and it becomes impossible for you to move into the full bliss of heaven.

Love, that is just one side of caring, has two faces or sides as well.
That is caring the servant or angelique way or caring the ruling or demonic way. Both "love" in some way but the understanding of love is the exact opposide and to be honest, the ability to love the servant way has been completely forgotten, so that nobody is able to find back to heaven anymore.
To become a better understanding of it's meaning look at this two examples:


"For a loving environment the ruling way just you summon dark clouds for heavy rain to break the weak and drown the useless, you summon fiery praying storms of judgement and heavy winds of hatred to blow all away that dares to be greater than you, so that everything get destroyed in performance and competition safely."

"For a loving environment the servant way just imagine it is early in the morning, the sun is croaching like a thief underneath the horizon and the morning clouds are gently settling down to bless the weak at first and the useless the most whereas the great and strong have deep roots to gather their blessings by themself, so that everything can grow up in peace and comfort safely."

So there are four faces like spirit winds, strivings or sky directions. But on which you want to sail or soar is completely on you.




####### 4 #####

About the kingdom of proud rulers (hell) & kindom of humble servants (heaven)

The reason why you get the abilities as last point is because, you tend to take stuff like that and run for success with it, to become great and successfull. And when someone want to tell you afterwards how to use it, you are just too busy to listen and never find out of your kingdom pride.

So let's continue with how we live in heaven.

First of all, there are no rules in heaven as you understand in this matter world. Heaven will never command you around in any way.
In heaven we provide opportunities (you call it "given by grace"), you can embrace to grow in love but the responsibility stays on the provider.
So that the provider can grow in forgiveness for the case you mess it up and can grow in gentleness by explaining you in the most gentle way possible what went wrong, so that both can learn from it.

So with love we reach out for new horizons for a deeper understanding of heaven and with forgiveness we accept the new horizons and allow them to be part of heaven. That is how we eat and grow in spirit.

But in hell you always send a weak follower who is willing to follow your commands. A follower who hopes to become at least such a great leader as you are. And the most efficient way to create a follower is to make him feel worthless and not good enougth, so that your ruling terror and torment feels like mercy. You have mercy to command such a worthless maggot of a follower. And when your fellow follower mess it up, he get judged as useless and get punished out of your mercy. Really a tough lifestyle you live in hell.

So please understand all things comming from me as an opportunity you can grap and grow in love, while all responsibilities of your doings stays on me, because I have "seduced" you to do so (you call it "many are called but only a view are choosen"). And when you think you messed it up, the only thing you have to do, is to repent by humbling yourself and come to me with your humble heart, willing to listen. And I take you by your hand look what has gone wrong, how to do better next time and then I will ask you if I should give you a hand to help you on that.
That is what we call common sense in heaven. Therefore there is no fear, no judgement, no hatred, no competition. There is only love and forgiveness, peace and comfort.

So doing a misstake and learn from it is what we call a success in heaven. But doing things only because we are good in it, or even worse to outperform others with it, is a big failure and we don't like to see that in heaven. 
However, something like that always happens somehow, nobody is perfect and when it happens and someone try to humble you by explaing you gently what you did wrong and you are willing to repent and humble yourself, everything is ok.
But when you are not willing to repent and humble yourself because of your pride has become too tasty for you, my guidance staff can turn into a fiery sword very easily and heaven is going to be history for you as long as you are not willing to repent by humbling yourself and admit your misstake.

So once again it's on you what you want to have, a fiery sword or a shepherd staff.

#### 4 #####

